Add a note to our disk buffers noting throughput needs. (#19836)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/architecture/optimize.md

Choose a disk type that optimizes for durability and recovery. For example, standard block storage is ideal because it is decoupled from the instance and replicates data across multiple disks for high durability. High-performance local drives are not recommended because their throughput exceeds Observability Pipelines Worker's needs, and their durability is reduced relative to block storage.

> In addition, network file systems like Amazon's EFS are usable, but only if sufficient throughput is provisioned; burst throughput modes will not suffice. We recommend configuring at least 2x the maximum expected throughput to give headroom for spikes in demand. The recommended disks above all have sufficient throughput that this is not a concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, network file systems like Amazon's EFS are usable, but only if sufficient throughput is provisioned; burst throughput modes do not suffice. Datadog recommends configuring at least twice the maximum expected throughput to give headroom for spikes in demand. The recommended disks above all have sufficient throughput that this is not a concern.
```
